Fix my_chat_member update comment (#1054)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/guide/filter-queries.md

You can use the following filter query to receive status updates about your bot.

```ts
bot.on("my_chat_member"); // block, unblock, join, or leave
```

> In private chats, this triggers when the bot is started or stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In private chats, this triggers when the bot is blocked or unblocked.
```

Author: Excellent catch, thanks
